Openwell Slote
Made by Slugarius
Version 2.0

HELP
---

MODES
---

In Slote, there are different "modes" of the editor. There is normal mode,
where you can navigate and do a lot of different stuff, and insert mode,
where you can actually type stuff.

You are most likely in normal mode right now but if not, then press escape
to switch to normal mode.

NAVIGATION
---

Press h, j, k, l to move the cursor around the screen.

The navigation goes like this:

              ^
              |
              k
         <- h   l ->
              j
              |
              _

The navigation is inspired heavily by vim, actually, this whole editor is 
inspired heavily by vim.

MORE MODES
---

The reason I'm not putting this up in the top section is because I want
the navigation section to be visible from the get-go so people can 
actually scroll down here.

Replace mode - Press 'r' in normal mode to go into replace mode, you can 
type out a single character and replace whatever character the cursor was
on.

Continuous replace mode - Press 'R' (Shift+R) to go into continuous
replace mode, here you can type to replace whatever was under the cursor but
you can keep typing until you press escape.

In insert mode, you can type whatever you want and it will get inputted into 
the buffer. Press escape to go into normal mode from insert mode.

You can see the current mode you're on at the very left of the status bar.
The character denotes the mode you are on, 'n' for normal, 'i' for insert,
'r' for replace, 'R' for continuous replace, and 'c' for command.

COMMANDS
---

There is one more mode, command mode. From normal mode, type ':' to go into
command mode. Here, you can type in a variety of different commands.

:e [file-name]

This command will open a file. If the file already exists, it will put its
contents into the current buffer, if the file doesn't exist, then it will 
clear the buffer and the file can be written to disk using :w.

:w 

This saves the file you are writing to disk. Any changes that you have made 
to the buffer will be saved onto the file.

:q

Quits the program if there is only one pane. (We will get into panes later,
but for now, there is only pane)
Deletes the current pane you are on if there are multiple panes.

:vsp

Makes a vertical split, adding one more pane.

:sp

Makes a horizontal split, adding one more pane.

PANES 
---

In slote, there are things called panes, this whole text file is inside a pane.
Panes are where buffers are contained, they are pretty much windows.
You can make new panes with :vsp and :sp and switch between them by pressing
Ctrl+W. You can open a new file on a pane by typing :e and save it with :w.

RESIZING
---

Press Ctrl+E to adjust Slote after resizing. It still won't look right though,
as pdcurses sucks at resizing so I recommend to just fullscreen your terminal
first and **then** start slote.

PLUGINS
---

Plugins are lua files which use the Slote API. There can only be one lua file
currently, it shall be called slote.lua and placed in the home directory
("C:\Users\[username]\" for Windows or "~/" for UNIX).

There is already a plugin in the repository called "syntax.lua" which does 
syntax highlighting for C and C++. You can rename it to "slote.lua" and place it 
in your home directory.

Please check the documentation for information about the Slote API.
